66 ways to save the Mincraft environment. Fries or guys. Nine ways your makeup is a jumpscare. How to tame a raccoon without offending it. Eighty reasons why you suck and how to change that. What is going on at CMC and why you are not invited. How to tell your mother you like feet. Why Tinder is no longer only for fires. Six sexy hawks. Top ten ways to get canceled. Five steps to tell if you are pregnant. Eight ways to evict a baby out of you. What is happening in my bed. There are only two genders, pregnant horse piss and soy. Rights of Protesters. 7 lies we tell people about vaginas. margarita. sex. death. sad. happy. The pandemic is not over! Learning all about unlearning. Let's talk about cancel culture. What is degrowth. Why consumerism culture is racist. We need to unpack white feminism. 10 steps to non-optical allyship. What is happening in Portland. Apps to keep you conscious. Media representation 101. 10 ways to ask a friend if they wanted to be pegged. Stop calling medicine bad. 5 ways white women center themselves in conversations about race. settling into sustainable behavior. 110 ways to practice being anti-racist if you can't spend money or leave the house. virtual protesting 101. What to do during a Coup D'etat. The United States is on the verge of a race war. Signs you need help. An Instagram Inforgraphic about Why Instagram Infographics are not revolutionary. How to refresh from poltiical overload. Questions to ask yourself. Ally or white savior.  But I'm not racist. Terms to use when talking about race. Vaccine reumors debunked. What is apoliticism. The ABC's of this current movement. Some good news from the 2020 elections. 27 examples of racism. The government is surpressing votes. How to start a conversation about hot girl summer. Why college friend groups are the social hunger games. Gaslight Gatekeep Girlboss: how to tell your parents you want to major in Econ without actually telling them. Whitewashing is NOT just about fences anymore. Save the Enviornment: STOP shopping on Shein. We need to break the silence on. Signs you are depressed. What to NOT say to someone with anxiety. What we can learn from watching squirrels. How to speak to your vagina about the pandemic. 15 ways to ask a Seal Court turtle if you can kiss it. How to talk to an econ bro kindly. What is happening in my stomach. Six ways you are using tampons incorrectly. The real truth behind Area 51. We need to stop calling fireball a bad party drink. Signs that you definitely have covid.   
